How to install Python three on ubuntu.
There are three methods.
First method via apt.
The second method via personal package, and the third method via source code will use the first method.
First step will update the package repository.
After that we will install Python three and in the third step we will verify the installation.
For me, I just run the first two command and we will verify together if Python three was successfully
installed.
Okay I have the latest version of Python three.
After that we will install pip.
Pip is used to manage software package for Python.
I will execute again this command to install pip three.
And let's do an example to understand how to work with pip three.
To install a new package we run pip three install package name.
To uninstall a package, we run pip three, install package name and to verify if this package was installed
or not.
We run pip three show package name.
Let's do an example with Django before we will verify if Django was installed or no.
Pip three show Django.
There is no package with this name.
We will install Django.
Pip three.
Install.
Django.
Okay, Django was successfully installed.
Let's verify again.
Pip3 show.
Django.
And this designation show that Django was installed.
And the version of Django.
And if we like to install Django for example.
We will execute the command.
And install.
Yes.
Django was successfully installed.
Let's verify again.
There is no package with the name Django.